["The Lab" Theme Music]
Welcome back to "The Lab with Leo," I'm Kate Abraham and now it's time for our
Facebook app of the day. And in honor of
the lovely Amber – wasn't it great to see Amber?
Oh, it was so nice to see her.
She's looking so tan!
Toronto weather.
Yeah, really? I think she was at Prince Edward Island for a few days
for Canada Day.
So she's out there like this, tanning in the ocean. Good for her.
She knows how to enjoy herself.
[laughs]
So in honor of Amber, our Facebook app of the day is
Powncer, or Poncer or Punser
However you want to say it, I say Powncer.
So there's your Pownce page.
So what you do is, basically, it literally updates your most recent post on Pownce.
So literally I've just put here
"Playing with Pownce," then if I just post this, and what will happen is it'll automatically
I bet you've done this in advance, it'll
automatically go through to my actual
site on Facebook and as you can see, you can see exactly what I'm doing
And then can they click that and takes
it to your Pownce page?
Yeah, then you can
reply to me. Oh that's neat!
Then what'll happen, you can basically send me a reply.
You know who wrote that? I don't know.
Jake Jarvis wrote that.
And I know who Jake Jarvis is, he's on my
Facebook friends list.
He's a young guy, I think he's a high school kid, the son of Jeff Jarvis, who's
a very well known media critic.
These kids freak me out. Isn't it neat?
Jake's written some great applications
How old is he?
I don't know, I think 16 or 17.
That scares me.
He's written a lot, he's one of the best Facebook developers out there.
Did a nice job with that.
That's fantastic.
Isn't that great? I love it, that's so good.
But for more details, obviously Facebook
apps
I said facebook.com/apps.
There's lots of them, there's thousands.
So many on there.
There's a lot of bad ones but some really good ones.
Well that's what you're here for, to tell us which ones are good.
Exactly, this was a good one, I like it.
She installs them all so that you can
tell, you got like a page this long!
You just keep scrolling, scrolling, scrolling...
[laughs]